Add ML fault tolerance (#3803)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api.md

}
```

> To see the status of your model registation, enter the `task_id` in the [task API] ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the status of your model registration, enter the `task_id` in the [task API] ...
```

> To see the status of your model registation, enter the `task_id` in the [task API] ...

Reviewer: Should the ellipsis be a colon?

> To see the status of your model registation, enter the `task_id` into the [task API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#get-task-information). Use the `model_id` from the task response once the registration is complete. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see the status of your model registation, enter the `task_id` in the [task API] ...
```

```json
{
  "model_id" : "WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt", 
  "task_type" : "UPLOAD_MODEL",
  "function_name" : "TEXT_EMBEDDING",
  "state" : "REGISTERED",
  "worker_node" : "KzONM8c8T4Od-NoUANQNGg",
  "create_time" : 1665961344003,
  "last_update_time" : 1665961373047,
  "is_async" : true
}
```

## Deploy model

> The deploy model operation reads the model's chunks from the model index, then creates an instance of the model to cache into memory. This operation requires the `model_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deploy model operation reads the model's chunks from the model index and then creates an instance of the model to cache into memory. This operation requires the `model_id`.
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_deploy
```

> ### Example: Deploy into all available ML nodes

Reviewer: "Deploying to"?

Author: ```suggestion
### Example: Deploy to all available ML nodes
```

> In this example request, OpenSearch deploys the model into any available OpenSearch ML node:

Reviewer: I think it might be "deploys...to".

> In this example request, OpenSearch deploys the model into any available OpenSearch ML node:

Author: ```suggestion
In this example request, OpenSearch deploys the model to any available OpenSearch ML node:
```

> In this example request, OpenSearch deploys the model into any available OpenSearch ML node:

Reviewer 2: deploy in. But maybe it's common usage in this scenario.

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/WWQI44MBbzI2oUKAvNUt/_deploy
```

> ### Example: Deploy into a specific node

Reviewer: "Deploying to"?

> If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can deploy your model into a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_ids` in the request body:

Reviewer: "deploy your model to"?

> If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can deploy your model into a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_ids` in the request body:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can deploy your model to a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_ids` in the request body:
```

> If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can deploy your model into a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_ids` in the request body:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to reserve the memory of other ML nodes within your cluster, you can deploy your model to a specific node(s) by specifying the `node_ids` in the request body:
```

```json
{
  "task_id" : "hA8P44MBhyWuIwnfvTKP",
  "status" : "DEPLOYING"
}
```

> ## Undeploy a model

Reviewer: "Undeploying"?

> ## Undeploy a model

Author: ```suggestion
## Undeploying a model
```

> To undeploy a model from memory, use the undeploy operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To undeploy a model from memory, use the undeploy operation:
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/<model_id>/_undeploy
```

### Example: Undeploy model from all ML nodes

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/MGqJhYMBbbh0ushjm8p_/_undeploy
```

> ### Response: Undeploy model from all ML nodes

Author: ```suggestion
### Response: Undeploying model from all ML nodes
```

Reviewer: Don't forget the "a": "Deploying a model from all ML nodes" :-)

```json
{
    "s5JwjZRqTY6nOT0EvFwVdA": {
        "stats": {
            "MGqJhYMBbbh0ushjm8p_": "UNDEPLOYED"
        }
    }
}
```

> ### Example: Undeploy specific models from specific nodes

Author: ```suggestion
### Example: Undeploying specific models from specific nodes
```

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_undeploy
{
  "node_ids": ["sv7-3CbwQW-4PiIsDOfLxQ"],
  "model_ids": ["KDo2ZYQB-v9VEDwdjkZ4"]
}
```

> ### Response: Undeploy specific models from specific nodes

Reviewer: "Undeploying"?

> ### Response: Undeploy specific models from specific nodes

Author: ```suggestion
### Response: Undeploying specific models from specific nodes
```

```json
{
  "sv7-3CbwQW-4PiIsDOfLxQ" : {
    "stats" : {
      "KDo2ZYQB-v9VEDwdjkZ4" : "UNDEPLOYED"
    }
  }
}
```

### Response: Undeploy all models from specific nodes

```json
{
  "sv7-3CbwQW-4PiIsDOfLxQ" : {
    "stats" : {
      "KDo2ZYQB-v9VEDwdjkZ4" : "UNDEPLOYED",
      "-8o8ZYQBvrLMaN0vtwzN" : "UNDEPLOYED"
    }
  }
}
```

> ### Example: Undeploy specific models from all nodes

Reviewer: "Undeploying"?

> ### Example: Undeploy specific models from all nodes

Author: ```suggestion
### Example: Undeploying specific models from all nodes
```

```json
{
  "model_ids": ["KDo2ZYQB-v9VEDwdjkZ4"]
}
```

> ### Response: Undeploy specific models from all nodes

Reviewer: "Undeploying"?

> ### Response: Undeploy specific models from all nodes

Author: ```suggestion
### Response: Undeploying specific models from all nodes
```

}
```

### Example: Return auto deploy and node information

> When the [auto redeploy]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings#enable-auto-redeploy) cluster setting is set to `true`, the profile API returns additional deployment information, including deployment time, retry count, and worker node IDs where the model is deployed.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I missed this change,  the auto redeploy setting set to `true` doesn't change the profile API.  And the response below is not the profile API response, it's get model API response. 

Suggest remove this part
